# Technojam-Task-webDevelopment

  1. I began with the Easy task :
First I added a picture then with the help of span tag i wrote two lines on it. Then i created a direct link button which will open on a new browser ( basically for providing more details information about F-35 ). After that i started with the styling part and lastly worked on the responsive part ( Dimensions : ipad Air )
Im learning web development since this 4th of October. So i just know the basics of html and css. With the help of that I created one project by myself ( Self_madePROJECT_1 ). My idea was to create a website for tourists so that they dont have to visit each country’s website separately to search for the places they want to visit. I didn’t worked on making it responsive because I made it recently and for now as a beginner it can be tough to make it responsive.

2. To be honest I didn’t faced any challenges in creating the card as it was just a basic one. But i will keep adding up levels on my projects.

3. My good name is Rakesh Roy. Im from the north part of West Bengal. Siliguri under DARJEELING district. Im from military background. So i almost covered every part of India enjoying different cultures. Seeing the army aviation and vehicles I buildup my interest on Fighter jets. Apart from that I am very much fascinated with aerospace technologies, mechatronics and robotics. Though i don’t have much detail knowledge about this but im eagerly waiting to grab every opportunity on these fields. I do have an elder cousin brother who recently got placed for fronted develloper. Inspired by him I started web development. My goal is to learn every possible software and language used in web development. Thank you 🙏🏻